yeah the introduction to today actually
recorded for once even though it was a
fairly shitty attempt in the person of
the ones before it yeah so I don't have
a clue this is a jin-joo city I want to
find the Train I should have brought my
GPS as what I should have done oh it's
more interesting this way right we get
to talk with people there's a hot chick
always I was totally gonna stop with
that hot chick but she just turned
turned up onto the sidewalk I was gonna
ask for directions let's find another
hot chick
and this is like goes red that's my look
I wanted to do a run tender there if I
didn't open it was anyone was directly
behind me or not
McDonald's of ahead hotel Carlton from
The Fresh Prince sorry you're not hot
enough no neither were you
you know dad can't get directions here
if you can is like listen for the train
bunch of cop car isn't look outside
they'd
and it's ten o'clock
now the problem is you know problem of
cities is also sweating now that we're
moving at slow speeds inside the city my
bikes getting hot or I'm getting hotter
I got sweat you know it makes her a less
creative thought process when you're
riding along just feeling hot sweaty
well this road up ahead seems busy so
we'll try try making all left here
we're gonna actually feel like a little
bit of a tourist in the sense that I
feel like out of my element
lmao out of my element if this were my
own City I know you know I I know the
whole thing even if I'm on a road that I
don't know and I know when I get to the
next intersection of the one after that
I'll recognize something but you know
right now I act I recognize absolutely
nothing and even to get out of this city
to get start to head back home I'll
probably be mildly lost I can even my
cell phone all right I got a compass on
it yeah that's another thing too like I
pull my cell phone my cell phone's got a
map on it it pulled my cell phone
that's an electric scooter with no
knowledge
on my towel on tour we do uh you know I
tried to I try to avoid city roads
altogether I don't like riding anything
like this during her tour it's all just
beautiful mountain or countryside or
ocean or something I try to avoid this
altogether but there's a couple of times
where it's unavoidable when we end up
going through a couple of cities and it
was interesting because while we were
going through the cities like this for
me it wasn't fun at all I was just like
I wish we could have avoided this but
then when we got through the city I had
guys in on my tour commenting that was
fun because they like the hecticness the
chaoticness of the cities and especially
I'm certain rolled through you do it
we're just heavy traffic and it's all
scooters everywhere in your kinda like
Jos jostling for position and you're
like you know your arms bumping arms
with other people and their scooters and
stuff is just nothing you've ever
experienced in in a Western society that
that kind of closeness in traffic
especially well on a hot on a bike so
yeah so even though for me this is just
fairly
disappointing not disappointing oh look
at that I've never seen that before
that is a first for me I don't even know
what it is is it's a bus designed to
look like a trolley is that what it does
another call trolley tram a bus designed
to look like a tramp
and I since it's something new and
you're unique I can go and look at it
without looking without looking like the
fact I'm taking out all the high school
girls on it a guy picking his nose
yeah I've never seen that before see
look at that wealthy wealthy wealthy
city and they've already got things that
are better than other cities they think
their buses look like trams and here we
have some kind of mall
well we did Oh
at mall malls are of great interest to
me any any type of mall I'm always
curious to take a look at it so
what is this this is a so go or what
they got a car going along little sidle
that's awesome it
oh yeah the Buster too